Changes to the location of Linux packages for Kubernetes The legacy Linux package repositories (apt.kubernetes.io and yum.kubernetes.io AKA packages.cloud.google.com) have been frozen starting from September 13, 2023 and are going away in January 2024, users must migrate. Please read our announcement for more details.  Search this site Documentation Available Documentation Versions Getting started Concepts Tasks Tutorials Reference Contribute Kubernetes Documentation Documentation Kubernetes is an open source container orchestration engine for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. The open source project is hosted by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF). Understand Kubernetes Learn about Kubernetes and its fundamental concepts. Why Kubernetes? Components of a cluster The Kubernetes API Objects In Kubernetes Containers Workloads and Pods View Concepts Try Kubernetes Follow tutorials to learn how to deploy applications in Kubernetes. Hello Minikube Walkthrough the basics Stateless Example: PHP Guestbook with Redis Stateful Example: Wordpress with Persistent Volumes View Tutorials Set up a K8s cluster Get Kubernetes running based on your resources and needs. Learning environment Production environment Install the kubeadm setup tool Securing a cluster kubeadm command reference Set up Kubernetes Learn how to use Kubernetes Look up common tasks and how to perform them using a short sequence of steps. kubectl Cheat Sheet Install kubectl Configure access to clusters Use the Web UI Dashboard Configure a Pod to Use a ConfigMap Getting help View Tasks Look up reference information Browse terminology, command line syntax, API resource types, and setup tool documentation. Glossary kubectl command line tool Labels, annotations and taints Kubernetes API reference Overview of API Feature Gates View Reference Contribute to Kubernetes Anyone can contribute, whether you're new to the project or you've been around a long time. Start contributing to K8s Suggest content improvements Opening a pull request Documenting a feature for a release Localizing the docs Participating in SIG Docs Viewing Site Analytics Find out how to help Training Get certified in Kubernetes and make your cloud native projects successful! View training Download Kubernetes Install Kubernetes or upgrade to the newest version. Download Kubernetes About the documentation This website contains documentation for the current and previous 4 versions of Kubernetes. Available Documentation Versions Last modified September 22, 2023 at 7:06 PM PST: Docs home page card layout is now consistent (64ae09ea32) Edit this page Create child page Create an issue Print entire section Documentation Blog Training Partners Community Case Studies © 2023 The Kubernetes Authors | Documentation Distributed under CC BY 4.0 Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation ®. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page ICP license: 京ICP备17074266号-3